Soap Binding style to be used : Document Literal
SOAP Payload  - How the message looks like
Valiadation - Can we validate the soap body using the xsd
Operation name - Should this be part of soap body

XJC 
XML Schema ---->Java Classes

SchemaGen
Java Classes ----> XML schema

Runtime 
JavaClasses -----> XML


Polymorphism and inheritance are two of the core idioms of object-oriented development.
Polymorphism allows you to make a definition for a certain type of behavior, and have many different
classes implement that behavior. Inheritance allows you to derive the behavior and definition of
a class from a superclass.
When defining a new class, it is possible to inherit definitions and state from a previously defined
class, and then add new specific behavior, or override behavior for the new type.

Java First 
1. Create the Web Services Interface , Implementation and other bean Classes
2. Annotate the web service interface and implementation with the
3. Annotate the beans with JAXB annotations
4. Define the Endpoint in the cxf-servlet.xml (When CXF Is Used)


Wsdl:types – Has the xml schema that can be used to build the messages
Wsdl:messages: the request and response xml messages built using the schema in the types section above.
Wsdl:Operation: Each operation that the web service exposes.
Wsdl:PortType: Groups the operations or web service methods together

Physical Portion:
Wsdl:Binding – We define the binding for all the operations which controls how the soap message is generated.
Wsdl:service: The location/url of the service using which it can be accessed.



Q. What are the steps to design a REST Web Service?
A. Four Steps:
Identify the objects/resources using the class diagram. There are the nouns in the object model.
Create the URIs to access these resources.
Choose the HTTP methods to bind to the operations on the resources.
Identify the data format that needs to be supported and come up with sample requests and responses.


Q. What are the steps to create a REST web service?
A. Four Steps:
Create the resource interface and implementation classes.
Bind the methods on the resources to HTTP Methods using the JAX-WS (@GET, @POST, @PUT, @DELETE ETC) annotations.
Bind the resources and their methods to URI Path using the JAX-WS (@Path) annotations.
Configure/Publish the Resource in the cxf-servlet.xml
Q